So armed with this new knowledge what we can do is I'm going to comment out all of this right here.
And then after that I'm actually going to take the exact code that we wrote before comments it out go
down to the bottom right here and we can actually override this default behavior which is right now
whenever we use this instance method that's inherited from this built in it's going to return an instance
of the derived class.
Now we know that we can override that and use something like.
I don't know static get symbol species then inside of here we can just return array like so.
Now if I go down here if I can find my checks I know I added some checks in here.
Yes right here.
Like so pop down.
Add that in.
So uncomment those back in.
You'll see that it is an instance of my array right here.
This is an instance of Mirei but array 2 is not an instance of my array.
So in other words I was able to override the actual instance of the class that gets returned instead
of returning an instance of my derived class.
I can now override it with symbol species and make sure that all of these inherited methods right here
return an instance of the original built in.